okay welcome to g2 reach i hope you are
having a great day
and let's get started about this
specific session social selling make the
most
out of linkedin first of all
great welcome from dr evo so this
presentation
is evil and bad no i'm kidding
i'm kidding just have fun with you so
this
is going to be good and the useful so
just sit back
and that's go through this presentation
and you just listen
and have a good time okay a very good
intro i mean quick intro about myself
pam dinner here
i'm a b2b marketer and my forte
is really about building alignment
between sales and marketing
but literally from the marketer side
in terms of looking at the marketing's
existing elements
and help the marketers to determine
how they can better support their sales
team so
obviously i'm looking into account
marketing
account based marketing sales enablement
etc
and i do that by working very closely
with
my clients we are in the trenches
together or i'm doing that through
trainings and the workshop
and i have written three books global
content marketing
how to scale content across regions
effective sales enablement i'm looking
at a sales enablement actually from
marketing side and see what marketers
can do to better enable the sales teams
and uh my third book is really about
modern ai
marketer and i'm looking at my
intelligence artificial intelligence
and how that impact how that impacts
the overall marketing landscape so if
you are interested in
any of these topics check my books
out all right so quickly about me
let's dive into it linkedin usually have
a four
main functions recruitment and
employment they come together
right so there are recruiters going to a
linkedin trying to find
a competent business professional to fit
into a specific jobs
and of course and some of us are looking
for jobs we go there
and connect with the recruiters and
showcase ourselves
and try to get ourselves noted there's
another function which is
education there are a lot of business
related
classes and the courses being offered on
linkedin that you can take advantage of
which is a great place to learn more
about a very specific topic
that you are interested the last
function is really about selling
giving that there are many business
professionals in this specific
communities
it's a great place for the sales people
to reach out and
connect with existing prospects
and actually for us who are looking into
sourcing
specific technologies we can also go
look into the company pages and check
out some of the sales people
and get in connected get connected with
them so these are the four functions
with that being said it's very important
that you know your objectives
when you use linkedin features there are
different approaches
in terms of finding customers versus
finding jobs
and there are different features
associated with that and also there are
different kind of pages
they are linked in corporate pages right
which is for company specific
they are also linkedin personal pages
for us to showcase who we are
so understand that linkedin has
different features
for different objectives now let's talk
about sales people
in general sales people use
linkedin for the following reasons they
want to do some research
about the prospects or existing account
they want to network with them
try to build the casual relationship to
start with
and they also want to do the outreach
using the linkedin
messaging or the email to reach out to
the potential prospects or existing
customers
right research network and the outreach
so that's couple that with the sales
centric journey and this is a very
typical journey that
all of you are aware of first of all you
contact the potential prospect
and then you have a conversation with
them you try to qualify them to make
sure
they fit into your company's ideal
customer
profile and if they express interest
about your products
of course you can schedule a demo or
multiple demos
and hopefully that will facilitate down
to the point that you
can submit a proposal to them you close
the deal hooray
and then the post sales is really about
cross sales
and up sales so this is a typical sales
journey that all the sales people are
fully aware especially in the b2b side
now that's coupled in terms of linking
usage
with the sales journey right
if you can use linkedin to reach out
to potential customers and you can also
use linkedin to discover them
and once you reach out to them the
prospect is going to check you out
so they want to say oh this person's
reach out to me let's check out the
sales rep
and also check out the company as well
of course through the conversation you
talk think through you
qualify them great you move on to a next
stage
and during the post sales and this is
specifically for farmers right you can
use linkedin to receive
account updates and understand the
turnover
you know of the the employees like who
is moving to a
a different job so whatnot and also get
additional account insight
so you can use linkedin throughout the
sales journey these are just
examples for today's session
what i really want to talk about are
three topics
the first one is i want to share some
examples with you
in terms of what you can do to update
your personal profile
the second bullet point i want to talk
about is some examples how you can
write your emails and drip uh
campaigns the third is the tips and
tricks of
using sales navigator to find new
and existing accounts and leads
so these are the three things i want to
cover today
so let's talk about your personal about
session and this applies to both hunters
and the farmers
right so let's look at some examples
the first one is a an account executive
at salesforce.com
and this person has no about section
nothing
it's very simple we don't know anything
about this person
nothing okay okay
you know that's fine but to me
the about section is a real estate
that you should give the your potential
customers
an opportunity to know you a little
better
and then this is another example which
is
another sales ae and in the about
session
there's only one statement when you
work as a team you win as a team
but this statement is very generic it
only
shows a little clue that this ae is a
team player
nothing else right so you need something
to show
the uniqueness of yourselves what you
can do for your customers what you can
offer the next one and this is a vp of
biz dab
and i'm not going to read through the
whole three paragraphs
but this is really about a resume
okay uh this specific person really
talking about elevate himself and talk
about how good he
is and at the end he was talking about
that he's a confident public speaker
and has frequently delivered
presentation at
industry conferences but from my
perspective that has nothing
nothing to do with his biz dev
capability
right so this is written as a resume if
you are looking for a job
great but if you are selling this is not
the way to present yourself
now let's look at some good examples
and this one is from donald miller and
uh he wrote a book about a storytelling
how to position yourself
it was a fantastic book and he
is one of the few persons can
actually write just one statement to say
what he does and this is what he wrote
i help companies clarify
their message so customers
engage this is fantastic so he talked
about
what he can do for his clients
and also the benefit of his effort is
the customers can engage with you
it's so clear and it's wonderful and get
to the point
and i love this one statement not
everybody including myself
i cannot do that to just clarify with
one statement if we cannot do that
great if not well that's right something
to showcase that people can read about
who we
are and what we can do for them
and this is a good friend rob warrington
and this is more traditional writing
and i love love his about section
so he starts with the company website
and then he talking about his experience
25 years
of experience in the employee benefit
industries
right in the employee benefits industry
and how he worked with the clients and
how he helped the client
so you can see in that one statement
immediately he moves on to the point
talking about the client's pinpoint
the clients are frustrated with blah
blah blah
they are suffering with blah blah blah
they need a system
with something right talking about some
of the key
pinpoints that his potential customers
can resonate then he moves on to talk
about
what lochte can do for the customers
they provide expertise and innovation
in the areas that will impact them blah
blah blah
then follow with the contact information
the email address
and the phone number giving that the
employee
benefits industry is incredibly
complicated
there's a lot of categories underneath
that
right so he wants to make sure
rob wants to make sure everybody
understands there's multiple
categories under employees benefits
industries and the people search using
different
keywords therefore he used multiple
different keywords
you know health management uh
directories
medical direct directors and
also health insurance etc so he make
sure all the keywords are written as a
part of about
so when people search and enter a
certain kind of keyword
that his profile will pop up and
at the end he made it very clear
makes very very clear in terms of who he
wants to connect
he wants to connect with employers that
are looking for
employee benefits and there's a list
of the title that he shared as a part of
about session
that the people understand these are the
type of people that he wants to connect
and putting that out there he also made
it very clear
if you are not one of these categories
please don't reach out don't try to
pitch me
that's a very polite way to actually
communicate
with anybody who would like to pitch to
rob so
that is a more traditional way of
writing about which is very clear in
terms of what rob is doing
and what uh he's planning to solve his
clients problems and what he will do
this is more traditional approach that's
take a look a more millennial approach
and this is also friend andrew and
andrew is a e for survey monkey right so
he helps fortune
500 brands conduct audience and concept
testing great right instead of talking
about the customer's pain points
he focuses on the areas that he can help
the potential customers so there's a lot
of bullet points that you can see
right here and of course out of those
areas
if you want to find out more the
additional information that you can go
look uh for his expertise
then of course more about himself
right what is his experience education
and also some fun facts about andrew
again this is another way to actually
write about section
as an ae or the salesperson it's all
about
the customers right about your potential
prospects that would like to find out
about you
okay so rob is more kind of like a
traditional approach
and andrew is you know saying similar
talking about similar stuff
but more kind of millennial approach
with a lot of emojis which is great
so you have to find what works for you
to summarize it oh there's another one i
want to share with you this is mike
hyatt and i love him and
he is a leadership and a personal coach
um he actually wrote several books that
was fantastic
new york times uh bestselling author
but the way that he writes about his
uh the the portfolio if you check it out
right here
okay and he actually quantify
quantify the success that you are going
to get
in the first year of working with his
coaching program
our average client experiences
67 revenue growth
11 reclaims hours per week
and 35 improvements in terms of work and
life balance
this is a personal coach seriously
and um but he's able to quantify
the success that you will get
if you join part of his coaching program
i think that's fantastic and a lot of
time when we do b2b
we can actually quantify our product
usage
and also product uh effectiveness
effectiveness as well but we don't
usually add that
or articulate that very clearly as a
part of
our about session but he does it
which is fantastic so something to think
about
to summarize very quickly for your about
section start with two or three
sentences to describe
your expertise i help blah blah blah
i'm passionate about whatever your ex
your area your industry
uh uh field and then you transition that
into a customer's pinpoint
right if they are frustrated with
something
they lack something they look for
write those down articulating i take you
the pinpoints well then you move on to
talk about your expertise
how have you helped your clients in
specific verticals
and what did you do for them right three
to four
three to five bullet points then the
contact information
additional areas that you can provide
services make that keyword based
and of course the company website so
this is kind of like a template that you
can follow it does take a little bit of
time
to think through in terms of what you
can do for your customers
and articulate articulate that well
for me it took about 10 tries you know
over a period of time
so you know writing is really rewriting
so you need to rewrite them several
times to get to a point that you are
comfortable with
so that's about the session the next one
i want to talk about
is the linkedin drip mails or the mix of
a way to reach out to your potential
prospects obviously uh many salespeople
you have your rhythm right in terms of
that you probably started with a phone
call you started with a linkedin you
move on to
email communication you move on to a
second email
you move on to a phone call or whatnot
you have a certain written that you go
to reach out to uh the potential
prospect with specific number of
frequency
of course you can also do that through
linkedin you know
you send out uh two or three i'm sorry
three to four email
within three to four weeks time frame
right to
um pursue or proactively
reach out engage with the potential
prospect
so let's look at some of the email
or the drip mail and this
is three examples i want to share with
you and let's assume
that uh the potential prospect uh did
not respond to your first email the
second email
and this is how i would write like how
so-and-so
our company your company name is
building a fiber network near
the cities of the state all right which
is we are talking about the person
you live in virginia great or a certain
area
hey we are building uh a huge fiber
network near
your area which will significantly
increase
data speeds and enhance your internal
and external customers experience by the
way
no downtime our fiber network super fast
and no downtime
please let me know if you have 15
minutes to chat
about how we can improve your network
experience very quick very easy
two sentences name and phone number
let's assume the person did not respond
okay
and they are getting a lot of the emails
or the email
so you try to follow up the second time
hey just making sure you got my last
email as i know
it can fall through the cracks right the
company name
is expanding our fiber network near your
place
right our fiber network has a data
transfer rate
of 10 gigabit versus the cable which is
0.3
and that has a data transfer rate of 33x
faster right so if you need that kind of
speed
please contact us right we provide more
liability without any downtime
love to have a chat with you so
a person still didn't reply god damn it
all right so you're going to try one
last time right
sorry that we never connected attach is
one pager
about my company blah blah blah the
fiber network capabilities
and also other connectivity products
that we provide
it's a quick it's a very quick
three-minute read
so love to set up a call with you to
understand your challenges
name and the phone number right so again
this is three emails
that you can send out is very much about
your target audience
talk about their pain points what you
can do for them
and then follow up two or three times
until like okay
now we have to try a different way to
reach out to them yeah
but i want to show you this specific
example
and my earlier draft so this is my early
draft all right
so you can see i said hey i would like
to chat with you about
your office as my company is building a
fiber near
your location which will significantly
enhance the data speed
and improve your internal and external
customers experience and no downtime by
the way
so if you think about it this sentence
is a little bit longer
and the uh then this one this basically
say
my company is building a fiber network
near your area
all right and will increase the data
speed
enhance your customer experience that's
chat this
is a little bit longer and the way i
write the first the second email
all right the company is expanding his
fiber network near the city and
locations
our fiber network has data transfer rate
of 10
gigabit versus cable of 300 megabit
so right here the unit of measurements
are different
and that your audience will need to
think okay
so what does that mean which one is
faster
and that they have to do certain kind of
calculation in their mind
you are making your audience work right
so make sure the unit of measurements in
my previous
males i make sure they are the same at
the same time i
calculated it's a 33x faster
so now it make my positioning whole lot
stronger
i quantify it kind of like michael
hyatt's
about section right talking about the
productivity
in a specific percentage
and another things i did for the third
email
right here i say hey sorry that we never
connected attaches one pager
but i say take a look but in my previous
email
i say it's a quick three-minute read i
quantify in terms of that it only takes
three minutes to read
that one pager right here just say it's
a quick read
oh it didn't it didn't even say uh a
quick read just say take a look
right so it's very general so made it
very specific
and that people understand that this one
pager only takes
them three minutes to read it right
so this is the earlier draft versus the
draft uh the final draft i'm sharing
with you
this this is another example and
i know that you have getting a lot of
emails or the messages
on linkedin indicating hey looking
forward to connecting with you
as i saw we share some mutual
connections so you see tons of that
many people actually use that generic
statement like this
and by the way it does have a certain
percentage of a conversion rate
to be honest with you prior to covet 19.
but i think many people are using the
statements and the conversion rate has
gone down tremendously if you make
things
are so generic right so
what you can do you can try that and see
if this works for you
and your potential customers and let's
assume the person connects with you
and you can say thank you for connecting
i'm looking forward to stay in touch
and you don't have to introduce yourself
and say hey my name is pam dinner i'm
doing this blah blah blah
i'm working for this company you can
basically say i can be a resource
if you are interested in delivering the
most reliable and the best experience
for data and voice with the fiber
networks
right so you can talk about it you can
introduce yourself
in a way to say i can be a resource to
you
if you are interested in the following
right you talk about the product
talk about expertise and just basically
said hey
of course i'm selling those products you
imply
my company has the largest cyber
uh footprint in this state which is the
state that the potential prospects
lives in attach is a two-pager to show
what we have done for a specific company
all right there's a little typo here 4 4
my mistakes sorry i love to answer any
questions you may have
about what technology is it about
connectivities about networks
whatever you want to identify and based
on your research
for the prospects that you are reaching
out at this point that schedule call
okay so name and the phone number
and there's another way to reach out to
them
and again this is based on the content
that you think they might be
uh interested so here
is the copy since we are connected i
thought i'd
share something you might find useful
great you want to give them something
that they feel that the the information
is relevant and resonates with them
when speaking with my customers right
the vertical segment which is the
segments the segment related to the
customer
and the one of the biggest challenge
challenges is
a lack of whatever right showcase their
pinpoints
then go on and explain why these
technological platforms are important
in two to three sentences talk about it
a little bit
not too long just a couple sentences
unfortunately these technology are not
prioritized so you
feel their pinpoint and you feel their
pain i'm sorry
as a result of that the it manager
cannot deliver a comprehensive
end-to-end solution to maybe a
customer's expectations right you kind
of explain
summarize that i know because a lot of
those technology
they are not prioritized to meet your
expectation therefore
you cannot deliver the services you need
for your internal customers
well guess what we offer a complete
portfolio
so you can talk about specific
technologies and platform that you offer
and you created a playbook that you and
your team i mean your potential
customers
can use to assess the current technology
uh or platform and identify areas for
improvements
so you share something that they can do
some sort of diy
they can do some assessments themselves
they don't have to
leverage your expertise and you
basically say you can access the
information here
i hope you'll find it valuable love to
hear your feedback and thoughts
feel free to reach out to me at this
email address or the phone number
so that's another way to write in terms
of the email
again it's all about your potential
prospects
share something that they will find
useful and they will you
they possibly can use so here's a quick
summary i want to share with you about
drip
email many people will ask me you know
should i write the loan form
uh messages or should i write the short
form
the reality is both work
it's really depends on your writing
styles and your approach
does that make sense so you can see some
of my copy
is a little bit longer some of them is
short
but the key point is is it possible that
if you write a lot of
lengthy sentences can you revise it
couple time to make it shorter
and to the point another thing i want to
share with you
is the drip follow-up is better than in
one-off
outreach so think through in terms of
two or three emails that you plan to
send out right if they respond
you are going to follow with this email
if they don't respond
and you are going to follow up with
another email it usually requires three
to five linkedin
mails over three to five weeks of
following
up and make an
effort to focus on your customers
pinpoints and how
you will solve your problems so
naturally
weave your company and your expertise
into addressing their challenges all
right
so a lot of time i know salespeople are
so good in terms of verbal communication
in the digital era the written
communication is
as important as your verbal
communications
and try to make it conversational and to
the point
so the next things i want to talk about
is a quick demos on the linkedin
sales navigator
okay really on the sales navigator
oh by the way sales navigator is a paid
platform
i think the current uh individual
package
is about 79.99 and you can also get a
team package it starts at 134.99
so check the latest pricing and
unfortunately
it's not free um i'm not saying that the
sales navigator is the best uh sales
intelligence platform out there
you can also use inside view and diamond
restries hoover's
zoom info and discover.org
li411 there are many many
sales intelligence platform out there
similar to sales
navigator and that this is just one
platform that
you can use all right i'm not saying
it's the best but
as a part of the linkedin um it's a paid
platform that you can leverage
just like any other sales intelligence
platform
there are three key functions first one
is the sales people can search the leads
and also accounts and then you can do a
proper filtering of filtering
and there is a save function to save
your potential leads
or the account as you see fit right so
search filter and saves other functions
i want to talk about as a part of a
sales
navigator so let's get started
okay i'm gonna do a quick show and tell
right here and this is a sales navigator
what you can do first is actually get to
the setting when you go to the setting
and scroll down and you can set up like
yourself a preference
you know who who are your potential
customers
in terms what is the geographies that
you uh it's your territory and your
focus
the industries the the company size
and the function and the job title
right so you can actually set this up
this is the first things that you should
do is basically do
the setting in terms of what is your
territory who are the people that you go
after
right once you got that done
if you look at the next things that you
should uh just pay attention
in terms of the filtering is the lead
filters and account filters
that just look at the account filters
really quickly and
when you click on that it brings into
the search
the filters that you can enter let's
assume that you are looking into
charleston south carolina
right so you can see there are three
charleston south carolina metropolitan
area
charleston south carolina and charleston
county so the way that you want to
capture
all the potential accounts you should
select
all three of them that's one thing i
want to make sure that you and
you understand so metropolitan
is one of them
um cannot type
all right so uh the
city itself and that's a
that stone county all right
and then the industry
um so that's focus on the information
technology services so you can see
there's about 246
and looking to accompany
um the the company account
right so you are looking to 51 to 200
company size another one is 200 to 500
and right here you can see there are 17
results
right and of course you can enter
additional information as you see
fit and then the 17 results
and you can click on search but before
you do that
um there's one thing i totally forgot to
tell you
um i'm just going to say it in one
second
so right here there are 17 results you
can look into the blue
acorn ici and the css
if you save it you can see right here
there's a little check mark
and say indicating you already saved
this account as a potential account you
want to reach out
and the fish labs and you can save it
here and if you look at the three dots
you can view accounts and you can view
similar accounts
right if you are looking for the look
alike
and you can click on view similar and
that
the sales navigator will give you
additional
uh suggestions so once you save it
let's assume you want to save it and you
want to save it to a specific account
and
right here i have something called
charleston south carolina so i can save
it
so once you save it you can it's as a
part of the list
right here and you can see your account
list
and also your um
a list right here
it's easy for you to actually follow up
so with that being said that's account
filters
and uh one thing i also want to share
with you
is if you want to if you set up your
sales preference like i indicated
as a part of the setting you can also
apply
right your sales preference it will
automatically
uh add all the filtering that you did as
a part of that setting
okay so right here there's 8 000 results
based on
my sales preferences that make sense and
then you can fir
you can further narrow them down as you
see fit
okay now let's look at
accounts filtering okay
let's assume i'm looking um there is a
potential there's a prospect
actually came to our company website and
by looking at their ip address i know
this person's name
is john mi and john lee is a good friend
and uh you can see there are 78 results
but also by looking at some of the the
cin database i know when they came in
uh the ip address indicated that this
person is actually from portland oregon
so you don't have to go to the filter to
actually
enter the search criteria right here you
can look into the filters
and on geographies you can enter
portland
oregon and uh poland oregon metropolitan
area let's just click on that
right here i found xiaomi and uh
it's actually only one in poland oregon
so i know
that this person that with the ip
address coming from
portland oregon and also have the name
of germany this is possibly the person
right and then you can start doing the
research
and find out who jamie is where he
works and also check out the current
jobs
and the highlights of the companies and
what is your connection with them
and then check out the experience of
course this is you can see the same
thing
from the linkedin um uh
community as well but this is part of
sales navigators but they pulled
the same information so you can get
additional
information about zhang and also look
into
that what other way that you can
actually contact
um john directly maybe you actually have
a certain person that you have a
connection with
does that make sense so this is
additional information that is not
provided as a part of linkedin
so that's about the leads and
lead filters and account filters and you
can save
xiaomi as a part of the list and then
you
once you save that in the home page
any accounts and filters that you save
as a part of the list or any alerts
related to that specific account
or the pers um um the
the leads you will get alerts right so
you will get alerts about i will get
alerts about john i will get alerts
about multiple companies i say
so i get a sense like hey if there's
anything going on
and using that piece of information to
further engage with
my potential customers or existing
customers
so that's pretty much the highlight
or the just of a sales navigator
so let's come back
okay so i talked about three
topics as a part of today's
uh session one is what you can do
and how you should write your about
section okay this applies to hunters and
farmers like i indicated
and another one is i share with you the
specific copywriting
for to write a drip mail especially for
people who responding to your email or
who people didn't respond to your email
you know what you can do to follow up
and the third things i talk about
is do a very quick show and tell about
the search
filtering and the save functions of a
sales navigator
like i indicated right sales navigator
is
one of the sales intelligence platforms
one of them
they are mainly out there if you your
company actually have
other tools that you use great but that
is one tools
those navigator is one of the options
that you can get additional information
about the potential leads and accounts
so i have a little request for you
so pick one things that you will do and
get it done in a week
right should you about should you update
your about section
should you craft or modify your current
draft
linkedin mails or maybe you learn how to
use sales navigator
so think about it pick one thing that
you can do
and uh and try to enhance
you know and make the most out of your
linkedin
so with that being said there's another
thing very quickly
this is the end of the session and i
want to say thank you so much
for your time and it's hard to be a
salesperson i
totally understand because i support a
lot of salespeople
drag salesforce and indirect sales force
for more than
10 years i totally understand your
challenges
so if you ever have any needs that you
need your marketing team to better
support you
reach out to me love to have a chat and
you can reach out to me
at hello pamdiner.com
so any specific questions you can reach
out to me
at any social media channels i'm on and
every single one of them
if you are using the channel i'm not on
oh by the way i'm not
on tick tock so any other channel reach
out to me for any specific questions
and love to hear from you thanks a lot
bye